I'm doing the lake jump this year.
What'd you say?
I'm gonna do the lake jump this year.
That's what I thought you said.
You say that every year.
Yeah, but I mean it this time.
I mean, you only live once, right?
Yeah.
I'm going to climb to the top of big rock
and I'm gonna jump.
You're gonna get up there, man,
you're gonna look down
and you're gonna chicken out,
just like you always do.
You know I don't like heights.
You should do it, Johnny.
It's fun. I even did it.
Yeah, after Brian pushed you.
Still counts.
Hey, you think we'll see
those chicks this year?
Little strip poker.
Probably not, man.
That was Brian hooking that up.
You're gonna get Brian busted.
Dude, like it matters. That was last year.
They weren't even dating.
It's not like it's gonna make a difference to...
- Johnny?
- Scott, you okay?
Yeah, my glasses.
Yeah, I think so.
Nat.
Natalie.
Nat?
- What happened?
- You're okay.
You're okay.
- Where is everybody?
- Look at me. Look at me.
We were in a wreck.
You're not hurt?
I don't think so, baby. What?
- We were in a crash?
- It's okay. It's okay.
- Chris!
- Out here.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
Car isn't.
Go on, I'll help you out, baby.
Any luck?
- Nope.
- Nope?
Nothing.
How long do you think we were out?
I don't know. A few minutes, maybe.
Where do you think Johnny went?
Probably ran up the road looking
for a gas station or something.
You know him, Mr. Boy Scout.
Do you think he went here?
Somebody went here.
How did this happen?
Well, it's just a car, right?
At least everyone's okay.
Yeah, everyone is fine, except Johnny.
No one can find him.
- Hey.
- Hey, baby.
Is he pissed at me?
No.
He's just pissed that his car is totaled.
No, I mean, the entire time.
He said like two words to me.
- I'm really trying here, baby.
- I know you are, baby.
I know, and you're doing great.
You just got to give him a chance, okay?
- For me?
- Okay.
Look, I'm gonna jog back to the gas station
we stopped at, get a tow truck.
- Alone?
- Yeah, I'll be back in no time. It'll be fine.
- Okay.
- Here we go.
Baby, what's your best mile?
5:47.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Okay, so, the gas station
is like 40 miles away.
So I guess that'll take you like four hours.
Fine, you let me know
when you have a better idea, okay?
Hey, guys.
I think I know where Johnny went.
Are you sure we're gonna need these?
You'll need something long-sleeved
or you'll cut up your arms.
Why can't we just wait
for Johnny to come back with help?
Because Johnny's been gone way too long.
And we need a tow truck before nightfall.
I just...
Listen, I don't want you to go, okay?
I have a bad feeling about this place.
Baby, I'll be right back, okay?
You promise?
I promise.
Bye.
- Are you ready?
- Are you kidding? I love corn.
Watch the road for me, okay?
Hey, you okay?
Track team.
Chess team.
Okay, pal. Come on, you can make it.
How long do you think they'll be?
Don't tell Brian I had one.
Don't tell Brian I gave you one.
- Deal?
- Deal.
Sorry about earlier.
You're right. It's... It's just a car.
Look, it's not that I don't think
your car is important...
No, no, no. You're right.
My granddad used to say,
"Any day above ground is a good day."
I used to hate that saying.
Now, I kind of get it.
It's fine.
Just need a phone.
We'll find someone to tow the car,
catch a ride to the lake house,
and pop open some cold beers.
Yeah, but how do we get back
after the lake house?
I mean, I have to work first thing Monday.
Relax. We'll get a rental. It's no problem.
Hey, hey, I was thinking.
Do you think maybe Natalie can invite
some of her friends?
You know, like that girl
that was at your birthday party.
Do you remember her? She was...
What was her name?
- She was...
- Are we going the right way?
The sun is over...
Yeah, this is the right way.
I think her name was something exotic.
Like Alexandra, maybe.
That's interesting.
Hey, Scott, come check this out.
Brian.
- Yeah.
- Get over here.
Check it out.
Here, boost me up.
What for?
Well, farmers typically place
scarecrows in a grid throughout the field
to help navigate when the corn is too high.
I read a lot.
- Okay.
- Do you see anything?
No.
Don't do that. Don't do that.
You're just like my brother.
Okay, I'm sorry.
God, this thing smells.
Yeah, we're practically there.
And there's a light on
in the window upstairs.
I think someone's home.
Let's go.
Okay.
Hey. Hey.
Hey, just wait.
- What?
- What happened?
Did you see that?
See what?
There... There was a...
A boy. He was... He was right there. I swear.
Hello.
Anybody home?
Hello?
What do you think?
Well, they're not the best housekeepers.
This is weird.
Yeah, I really don't think anybody lives here.
Hello?
- Hey, are you all right?
- My God!
What happened?
It has teeth.
Is that a person?
- Smells like shit.
- What?
- What is it?
- No, I doubt it's a person.
It looks like a scarecrow.
- It's here to scare birds.
- What the fuck is it doing here?
Shouldn't it be in a field or something?
- Is this what you saw?
- No, I told you.
- I saw a boy.
- Okay.
- He was staring right at me, okay?
- I believe you.
- I told you that.
- Natalie.
Natalie, can you sit down for a minute?
I have to find Brian, okay?
He'll know what to do.
- He'll be back in a minute. He's getting help.
- He doesn't know.
- I have to tell him.
- Tell him what?
There's something wrong, Chris.
Son of a bitch.
Wait up.
Johnny?
Brian!
Natalie!
Johnny.
What are you...
Brian!
Hello!
Natalie!
Where are you?
Natalie.
Natalie?
Natalie!
Brian!
- Where is she?
- Hey, hi, hi.
- Brian.
- Quiet.
I saw her. She got taken that way.
- Taken?
- Yes.
Let's go!
Okay.
Brian.
Oh, my God!
- Scott! Scott!
- Chris, are you...
What happened? Are you okay?
There is someone in the corn.
- What?
- There is somebody out there.
- They're after us. We gotta go.
- Chris.
Brian.
Oh, shit! Oh, shit, Brian!
Brian. Are you okay?
- My God, what happened to your arm?
- They got her.
Who? Who got her?
Shit.
Fuck!
We're surrounded.
We're fucking surrounded.
- What?
- The fucking corn.
It's everywhere.
Johnny's gone.
Wait, what? What you mean?
You found him?
Yeah, he was upstairs in the sewing room.
What the fuck was he doing in there?
Sewing.
Here.
Look, guys, I don't think we're safe here.
Yeah, no shit.
No, I mean here, in here, we're not safe.
Well, we're safer in here than out there.
How do you know that?
Look, we gotta find a way back to the road.
Hey, what do you not understand
about "surrounded"?
We're not going back out there.
It's not happening.
Well, we have to find a way.
They slaughtered Natalie.
They ripped her a-fucking-part, man.
Look at his arm.
Multiply that times your whole body.
What are your fucking odds
of getting out of here now?
You sure came out fine.
You saw her.
And you didn't do a goddamn thing.
Brian.
Hey, Brian. Come on, man.
I saw the same fucking shit you did.
Give me the flashlight.
What are you doing?
- You coming?
- Out there? No fucking way.
I was talking to him.
Keep an eye out.
Yell if you see anything.
Hey, Brian. Look, where are we going?
Did you see...
Fuck!
Check for keys.
No luck.
Are you okay?
It's bleeding less.
That's not what I meant.
I'm sorry about Natalie.
This one looks drivable.
We need to find the keys.
See anything?
Brian?
Hey, hey.
What happened?
You didn't see that?
See what?
Now, you remember what I taught you.
First, belly.
Then the thighs, then the back.
Come on.
Come on, Alex.
Good.
Go on, bleed him dry. Good.
Come on, boy.
I'm proud of you, son.
What the hell do you think you're doing?
You do it.
Go on.
Scott, Scott. Hey!
What is going on with you?
Brian.
Scott.
Natalie.
Chris.
- Chris.
- Scott.
- Chris, are you okay?
- Chris!
- Get me the fuck out of here.
I'm trying.
Open the fucking door, man.
It's locked on your side.
Come on, man, you gotta...
She's in here.
- What?
- Whatever you do, knock it down, anything.
Move.
Natalie.
Brian, where are you going?
What's happening?
- He's gone.
- Gone? No!
This isn't working.
We gotta find another way.
There's a roof ledge, right?
No way, man. No.
You have no other choice.
I'll meet you outside.
Easy, easy. Watch your step.
Shit!
Oh, my God! Chris.
Chris, are you okay?
Oh, my God.
Oh, God!
Brian, Brian, Chris just...
Brian.
Where are you going? Brian!
Easy, easy.
Where is she?
What?
I wouldn't know, man.
I fell through the fucking roof.
How did she look?
Dead!
Well, she's...
She's moving, and I gotta find her.
Your girlfriend's fucking dead.
So it's about time we start focusing
on getting us the hell out of here.
Look, we found a truck.
It looks drivable, right?
I mean, we just gotta find a way to start it.
Wait, is it a Chevy?
Yeah, it was. Why?
That's why.
All we gotta do is just drive through
and get the hell out of here.
We can't leave yet.
Wait, what?
- Are you serious?
- I'm not leaving without her.
You gotta be kidding me.
I brought us here.
And I'm gonna get us out of here, all of us.
We are all of us.
Give me the keys.
Hey, Brian, just hold on a second.
I wouldn't leave you. Now give me the keys.
- Brian, she's dead.
- Shut up!
Is this how it's gonna be?
Your way or the highway?
Give me the keys.
Not your best.
Not your worst.
Stop!
Help!
Brian!
Somebody, Chris, help me!
Help me!
Oh, God! Oh, God!
Oh, God, no.
Stop!
Can you move?
What the fuck were you thinking?
Shit!
Get something from inside.
Brian, your arm, man.
- Help him. He's worse.
- Here, you take that.
What is wrong with you?
I've been seeing things.
Back in the barn, there was this farmer.
And then I saw this kid.
This teenager.
He ran into the corn.
I followed him.
I've been going crazy.
Guys, Natalie saw someone by the road.
And I saw him too.
- Where?
- I don't know.
It was...
It was in the kitchen by the cellar.
Finish this.
Brian, you can't just...
What are you doing?
He's losing it.
Just go help him, okay?
No, no, no.
Look.
Natalie was a nice girl and I liked her.
What happened to her is horrible.
But she's dead.
And I'm not gonna let the fact
that Brian can't handle that get us killed.
He's as gone as she is.
Now, I can get us out of here.
But I need you to make a choice.
You stay here with him.
Or you come with me.
If you're not gonna help him,
then I will.
Hey, Brian, wait.
What?
I think, no matter what,
I'm safer sticking with you.
What are these?
Won't let me leave! He won't let me leave!
Stop, stop. It's me.
Is it the farm boy again?
That's him.
I don't know who Chris saw.
This isn't the guy.
He said, "He won't let me leave."
Well, looks like he found a way.
Is that...
Chris!
Come on!
Come on! Shit!
Come on.
What the fuck?
Johnny!
We need to move, now.
Run, I'll cover you.
- We can run... The road...
- We're not leaving Scott. Go!
Come on, you son of a bitch.
Natalie?
Baby?
Say something.
Please.
Natalie.
Corey.
Where's your brother?
You about done with your work?
Are you okay?
Where's Brian?
No.
No, no, no, no.
I've been thinking.
We know we're safer in here
because they can't leave the field.
And we know that every time
someone steps foot in that field,
they get attacked, right?
Well, then how did Brian and I
get through the first time?
What does it matter?
Are you kidding?
I was literally inches away from
one of those things, it didn't even move.
See, I think it was Johnny.
He was in the room upstairs.
I saw the light on in the window.
So?
So...
Here, think of it this way.
This right here is us.
All right?
And these are them, here in the cornfield.
Johnny entered the cornfield
and got attacked.
But then Brian and I entered
and nothing happened, why?
Because whatever attacked Johnny
was busy with him,
turning him into one of the scarecrows.
In chess, it's called a promotion,
taking a turn to upgrade your pawn.
So while Johnny was upstairs
getting promoted,
Brian and I were able
to walk through the field safely.
Yeah, but when Johnny is upstairs,
what about all of them?
Why didn't they do anything?
Well, because...
Because it's not them.
This kid killed his brother and hid him
in the cornfield as a scarecrow.
And now the brother,
I mean his spirit, it's trapped out there.
And it waits
for someone to come into the field
and it jumps from scarecrow to scarecrow,
killing whoever enters.
But the spirit can only inhabit
one scarecrow at a time.
They can't all come at us together.
And so after it kills someone,
it takes them upstairs,
turning them into another scarecrow,
to use against the next.
So what you're saying
is we missed our shot.
No. No, what I'm saying is that
when it's busy with someone upstairs,
it's our move.
This can never happen to anyone,
ever again.
What do we do?
Brian.
If you're in there, man,
please,
just let me...
Hey, I got what I could.
Trade you.
- Can you keep up?
- I can die trying.
Come on, we're almost there.
- Hey, what are you doing?
- I'm looking for the shotgun.
- That won't stop them.
- It'll slow them down.
Help me find it.
Son of a bitch!
No!
Found it. Let's go.
Let's go!
Scott, are you okay?
I don't think I can make it.
We gotta keep moving.
Why did they stop coming?
They didn't.
Can you keep going?
It's no use.
We have to split up.
We're far enough along.
It should be just one.
It won't be able to move
against the both of us.
Yeah.
You go that way.
I'll go this way.
- All right?
- Okay.
Hey, Scott!
I'll see you at the road.
Yeah, okay.
Sorry, Brian.
Run!
Run, run!
Hello, anybody there?